As long as someone will return 12 stitches
Plus what I just gave you.
Divine Medicine Country National Treasure Nine Pills Lingdan
Can be saved
I will.
But the premise is that you have to join our Divine Medical Kingdom
I am willing to give you the national treasure.
Bailina, are you taking advantage of the fire?
Princess Belina saves a life and builds a seventh-level buoy
Don't you
Our country of divine medicine has never said this.
Saving lives is always just a trade
Why does it have to be me?
Colorful clouds
That's just a legend
Although our kingdom of God is a member of the Allies around the Sea
But no friends forever
Only eternal interests
Our main industry is pharmaceuticals
Weak military
That is, a talent with outstanding command ability
Or a reliable army
This is easy to handle. The Kingdom of God is separated from my province
If you can trust Heaven Dou
I can distribute it.
The line of defense in Jianghu Province extends to Shenying
Protect the two countries
It's not impossible no matter what.
Mingce, you are really good
As expected of the man chosen by this princess
Even the lost ones downstairs are returned to 12 True Cities
Such a perfect man
How lucky is a woman?
To spend the rest of my life with him